hello all my stay here by a
new video
so here I show you the hair that's
is now two years and one month
it's natural and so in fact tomorrow
I will take the picture for the
Maghrebization so the photo of
graduation because I just
finish my bac and so I decided to
straighten hair
in fact it's not really a smoothing in
did I just wanted to try them
flatten not sought to have any
very very smooth thing because it
I would have had to use more
heat it's not necessarily what
I want to see that it's not good
for the hair so the 1st time that
I told myself if the hair was in
last September so there is now
seven years so it's been seven months since I
I told myself it's hair and I
notice my hair has grown well by
against there I spent the day outside
so there was a lot of
wind today so my hair is getting
not bad in melee to the tips
so send me I do not think we can
in front of the camera but there are really
red reflections because I got
dyed the nose gray hair no but I
do not black yeah that's before
love who are really in May read on
I'll have to go hydrate myself
we were going to sleep
they are a bit dry so that's it
it's really two years of an inch
horses so I'm still singing
the soul as duty so the talent and of
the length of the shoulders and I exceeded
I exceeded the length when j -p
my relaxed hair has never been
so slow so my hair straightened have
never been so happened to me
this death asses me wehrli
so I'm happy so here I hope
it will give something to end
on recent photography I do not know
honestly I like fine hair well
I like I love volume I like
not the hair on me I prefer who
is volume I like not better smooth
the hair to have them all flat and
so that's it so I'm really
content
2 in matter and lg content you proud
sahin made me 100% it comes from me
it's me who makes them grow and it's me
really gives me confidence and
andreu smoking content
So that's all I had
show you
it's not a very long video
precisely to show the hair
relaxed about what is so on this
I say goodbye I wish you
a good weekend in the day reports
again and I hope we are going
find for a next video
meanwhile predictions of you the
take care of them
bye